fix(core): add sso only email guard (#6576)
logto-io/logto: .changeset/witty-rivers-laugh.md

---
"@logto/core": patch
---

prevent user registration and profile fulfillment with SSO-only email domains

> Email associated with SSO-enabled domains should only be used through the SSO authentication process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emails associated with SSO-enabled domains should only be used through the SSO authentication process.
```

---
"@logto/core": minor
---

> enterprise SSO-only email identifier guard to the registration and profile fulfillment flow.

Reviewer: this is confusing. can you reword this?

> ---
> "@logto/core": minor
> ---
> 
> implement SSO-only email identifier guard in the user registration and profile fulfillment process.
> 
> Prevent user registration and profile fulfillment with SSO-only email identifiers. Email identifiers associated with SSO-enabled domains should only be used through the SSO authentication process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
"@logto/core": patch
---

prevent user registration and profile fulfillment with SSO-only email domains

Email domains associated with SSO-enabled domains should only be used through the SSO authentication process.
```

> Bug fix:
> 
> - Creating a new user with a verification record that contains an SSO-only email identifier should return a 422 `RequestError` with the error code `session.sso_required`.
> 
> - Updating a user profile with an SSO-only email identifier should return a 422 `RequestError` with the error code `session.sso_required`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creating a new user with a verification record that contains an SSO-only email domain now returns a 422 `RequestError` with the error code `session.sso_required`.
- Updating a user profile with an SSO-only email domain now returns a 422 `RequestError` with the error code `session.sso_required`.
```
